Using image classification, my sports-ball recognition program informs the user the type of sports ball displayed. 
I created my project on the Jetson nano, using a retrained resnet18 model, containing my dataset of sports balls. To run the recognition code, it uses imagenet.py on the inputted image. 
1. Our first step to get started is to have your Jetson Nano plugged in with the SD card inside.
2. The next step is to find a dataset, mine is a sports ball dataset.
3. Then, if your dataset doesn't come with a test, train, and val folder, you will need to create one.(I needed to)
4. Next, you need create a labels.txt document inside jetson-inference/python/training/classification/data/sports-ball, inside all it will have is the names of what you want your code to be recognized as, for my case, it's all my balls. 
5. Now, you can retrain your dataset by first going into the docker and changing directories into jetson-inference/python/training/classification.
6. Then, to actually retrain it, you will need to run this code that will take while: python3 train.py--model-dir=models/sports-ball data/sports-ball.
7. After this, you need to export the network using: python3 onnx_export.py --model-dir=models/colors in the same jetson-inference/ python/training/classification in the docker. When this completes, there should be a new resnet18.onnx file - this is your retrained model. You can find this in  jetson-inference/python/training/classification/models/sports-ball.
8. Now, you will need to assign the variables for NET and DATASET. NET= models/sports-ball. DATASET = data/sports-ball
9. Finally, now all you need to do is run the code. To run the code: imagenet.py --model=python/training/classification/$NET/ resnet18.onnx --input_blob=input_0 --output_blob=output_0 --labels=python/training/classification/$DATASET/labels.txt $DATASET/ training_dataset/basketball/05_BB.png output_sports-ball/. The reason I put sudo before this code, because I ran into an error saying I didn't have permission and sudo overrides the restrictions. Only put the "sudo" if you run into the same error. The "--model=python/training/classification/$NET/resnet18.onnx" is to call the new retrained dataset. All the code in front is a path to lead to it. The "--labels=python/training/classification/$DATASET/labels.txt" is for calling the labels.txt doc we made just so the code knows what to call the image you just inputted. $DATASET/ training_dataset/basketball/05_BB.png is to find what image you want. The basketball is for which ball you want and the 05_BB.png is for what image you want in basketball. This all is in your dataset. The "output_sports-balls/" part is telling the code where to ouput the result to.
10. Lastly to see the results, you can scp the result to your desktop by running this command for Mac: scp @192.168. 55.1:/home//jetson-inference/output_sports-ball/0.jpg ./ (My output_sports-ball folder is in jetson-inference, it might be different for you, check to make sure the path to your output_sports-ball folder is correct.)
And your done! Whoohoo!

Link to youtube video: 
